maps/pd_snowville_event.nav
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf/maps/pd_snowville_event.nav
resource/UI/HudObjectivePlayerDestruction_snowville_event.res
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\resource/UI/HudObjectivePlayerDestruction_snowville_event.res
materials/hud/hud_sawmill_gift_red.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/hud/hud_sawmill_gift_red.vmt
materials/hud/hud_sawmill_gift_red.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/hud/hud_sawmill_gift_red.vtf
materials/hud/hud_sawmill_gift_blu.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/hud/hud_sawmill_gift_blu.vmt
materials/hud/hud_sawmill_gift_blu.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/hud/hud_sawmill_gift_blu.vtf
materials/hud/hud_sawmill_countdownbg.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/hud/hud_sawmill_countdownbg.vmt
materials/hud/hud_sawmill_green.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/hud/hud_sawmill_green.vtf
materials/hud/hud_sawmill_land.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/hud/hud_sawmill_land.vmt
materials/hud/hud_sawmill_land.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/hud/hud_sawmill_land.vtf
materials/hud/hud_sawmill_load.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/hud/hud_sawmill_load.vmt
materials/hud/hud_sawmill_load.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/hud/hud_sawmill_load.vtf
maps/pd_snowville_event_particles.txt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\maps/pd_snowville_event_particles.txt
particles/snowville_particles.pcf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\particles/snowville_particles.pcf
materials/effects/aurora.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/effects/aurora.vmt
materials/Effects/aurora.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/Effects/aurora.vtf
materials/effects/pd/hud_sawmill_gift_depo.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/effects/pd/hud_sawmill_gift_depo.vmt
materials/effects/pd/hud_sawmill_gift_depo.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/effects/pd/hud_sawmill_gift_depo.vtf
maps/pd_snowville_event_english.txt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\maps/pd_snowville_event_english.txt
models/bots/pyro/deer_pyro.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/bots/pyro/deer_pyro.mdl
models/bots/pyro/deer_pyro.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/bots/pyro/deer_pyro.dx80.vtx
models/bots/pyro/deer_pyro.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/bots/pyro/deer_pyro.dx90.vtx
models/bots/pyro/deer_pyro.phy
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/bots/pyro/deer_pyro.phy
models/bots/pyro/deer_pyro.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/bots/pyro/deer_pyro.sw.vtx
models/bots/pyro/deer_pyro.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/bots/pyro/deer_pyro.vvd
materials/models/bots/pyro_deer/pyro_bot_red.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/bots/pyro_deer/pyro_bot_red.vmt
materials/models/bots/pyro_deer/pyro_bot_gray.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/bots/pyro_deer/pyro_bot_gray.vtf
materials/models/bots/pyro_deer/pyro_bot_head.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/bots/pyro_deer/pyro_bot_head.vmt
materials/models/bots/pyro_deer/pyro_bot_head.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/bots/pyro_deer/pyro_bot_head.vtf
models/bots/pyro/deer_pyro_animations.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/bots/pyro/deer_pyro_animations.mdl
models/props_trainyard/sled_cart_base_separate.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_trainyard/sled_cart_base_separate.mdl
models/props_trainyard/sled_cart_base_separate.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_trainyard/sled_cart_base_separate.dx80.vtx
models/props_trainyard/sled_cart_base_separate.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_trainyard/sled_cart_base_separate.dx90.vtx
models/props_trainyard/sled_cart_base_separate.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_trainyard/sled_cart_base_separate.sw.vtx
models/props_trainyard/sled_cart_base_separate.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_trainyard/sled_cart_base_separate.vvd
models/props_frozen/snow_shovel.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_frozen/snow_shovel.mdl
models/props_frozen/snow_shovel.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_frozen/snow_shovel.dx80.vtx
models/props_frozen/snow_shovel.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_frozen/snow_shovel.dx90.vtx
models/props_frozen/snow_shovel.phy
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_frozen/snow_shovel.phy
models/props_frozen/snow_shovel.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_frozen/snow_shovel.sw.vtx
models/props_frozen/snow_shovel.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_frozen/snow_shovel.vvd
materials/models/props_frozen/snow_shovel_blu.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/props_frozen/snow_shovel_blu.vmt
materials/models/props_frozen/snow_shovel_blu.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/props_frozen/snow_shovel_blu.vtf
materials/models/props_frozen/snow_shovel_grey.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/props_frozen/snow_shovel_grey.vmt
materials/models/props_frozen/snow_shovel_grey.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/props_frozen/snow_shovel_grey.vtf
models/props_birthday/bday02_small.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday02_small.mdl
models/props_birthday/bday02_small.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday02_small.dx80.vtx
models/props_birthday/bday02_small.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday02_small.dx90.vtx
models/props_birthday/bday02_small.phy
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday02_small.phy
models/props_birthday/bday02_small.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday02_small.sw.vtx
models/props_birthday/bday02_small.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday02_small.vvd
models/props_birthday/bday04_small.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday04_small.mdl
models/props_birthday/bday04_small.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday04_small.dx80.vtx
models/props_birthday/bday04_small.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday04_small.dx90.vtx
models/props_birthday/bday04_small.phy
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday04_small.phy
models/props_birthday/bday04_small.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday04_small.sw.vtx
models/props_birthday/bday04_small.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday04_small.vvd
models/props_birthday/bday03_small.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday03_small.mdl
models/props_birthday/bday03_small.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday03_small.dx80.vtx
models/props_birthday/bday03_small.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday03_small.dx90.vtx
models/props_birthday/bday03_small.phy
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday03_small.phy
models/props_birthday/bday03_small.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday03_small.sw.vtx
models/props_birthday/bday03_small.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday03_small.vvd
models/props_birthday/bday01_small.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday01_small.mdl
models/props_birthday/bday01_small.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday01_small.dx80.vtx
models/props_birthday/bday01_small.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday01_small.dx90.vtx
models/props_birthday/bday01_small.phy
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday01_small.phy
models/props_birthday/bday01_small.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday01_small.sw.vtx
models/props_birthday/bday01_small.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_birthday/bday01_small.vvd
models/props_forest/rock_waterfall_2.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_forest/rock_waterfall_2.mdl
models/props_forest/rock_waterfall_2.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_forest/rock_waterfall_2.dx80.vtx
models/props_forest/rock_waterfall_2.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_forest/rock_waterfall_2.dx90.vtx
models/props_forest/rock_waterfall_2.phy
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_forest/rock_waterfall_2.phy
models/props_forest/rock_waterfall_2.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_forest/rock_waterfall_2.sw.vtx
models/props_forest/rock_waterfall_2.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_forest/rock_waterfall_2.vvd
materials/models/props_forest/rock_waterfal2.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/props_forest/rock_waterfal2.vmt
materials/models/props_forest/rock_waterfal2.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/props_forest/rock_waterfal2.vtf
materials/SNOWVILLE/METALDOOR001SCROLL.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/SNOWVILLE/METALDOOR001SCROLL.vmt
materials/SNOWVILLE/GRAVELCOAL001SCROLL.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/SNOWVILLE/GRAVELCOAL001SCROLL.vmt
materials/boreal/ice_window.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/boreal/ice_window.vmt
materials/boreal/ice_window.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/boreal/ice_window.vtf
materials/boreal/snow_transition.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/boreal/snow_transition.vmt
materials/boreal/snow.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/boreal/snow.vtf
materials/skybox/sky_stormfront_02bk.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/skybox/sky_stormfront_02bk.vmt
materials/skybox/sky_stormfront_02dn.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/skybox/sky_stormfront_02dn.vmt
materials/skybox/sky_stormfront_02ft.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/skybox/sky_stormfront_02ft.vmt
materials/skybox/sky_stormfront_02lf.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/skybox/sky_stormfront_02lf.vmt
materials/skybox/sky_stormfront_02rt.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/skybox/sky_stormfront_02rt.vmt
materials/skybox/sky_stormfront_02up.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/skybox/sky_stormfront_02up.vmt
materials/vgui/maps/menu_photos_pd_snowville_event.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/vgui/maps/menu_photos_pd_snowville_event.vmt
materials/vgui/maps/menu_photos_pd_snowville_event.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/vgui/maps/menu_photos_pd_snowville_event.vtf
materials/vgui/maps/menu_thumb_pd_snowville_event.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/vgui/maps/menu_thumb_pd_snowville_event.vmt
materials/vgui/maps/menu_thumb_pd_snowville_event.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/vgui/maps/menu_thumb_pd_snowville_event.vtf
materials/boreal/ice_snowy.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/boreal/ice_snowy.vtf
materials/boreal/ice_snowy_normal.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/boreal/ice_snowy_normal.vtf
materials/boreal/ice.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/boreal/ice.vtf
materials/boreal/ice_normal.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/boreal/ice_normal.vtf
materials/boreal/blendicetoicesnowy.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/boreal/blendicetoicesnowy.vtf
materials/boreal/snow_normal.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/boreal/snow_normal.vtf
materials/boreal/blendsnowtodirt.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/boreal/blendsnowtodirt.vtf
materials/boreal/blendsnowtoice.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/boreal/blendsnowtoice.vtf
materials/boreal/ice_fracture.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/boreal/ice_fracture.vtf
materials/BOREAL/BLENDICETOICESNOWY.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/BOREAL/BLENDICETOICESNOWY.vmt
materials/BOREAL/BLENDSNOWTODIRT.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/BOREAL/BLENDSNOWTODIRT.vmt
materials/BOREAL/BLENDSNOWTOICESNOWY.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/BOREAL/BLENDSNOWTOICESNOWY.vmt
materials/BOREAL/ICE.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/BOREAL/ICE.vmt
materials/BOREAL/ICE_FRACTURE.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/BOREAL/ICE_FRACTURE.vmt
